They said, you've got to go to Alaska, one of the greatest assignments you can be provided from the branch.
And then he popped up with the question, is this have you ever thought of going to Alaska?
And we said, well, should we?
We definitely had to pray about it, scripturally look up some things.
And we talked to two couples that we knew that had served in Alaska.
You're assigned to the people, and if you focus on that, then you'll find joy in your assignment no matter where it is.
I do also like the spirit of Isaiah, where Jehovah asked, who shall I send, without hesitation.
Isaiah pipes up, here I am, send me, he was just willing to be sent.
And then there was logistics of figuring out how to simplify and how to actually get up there.
It definitely takes courage to take an assignment where you're out of your comfort zone.
We might have needed some courage for the assignment that we took, but we were so impressed with the courage that the other brothers demonstrated.
There were a total 16 different special pioneers that were assigned, and six of them had never experienced a winter.
And they're being sent into the harshest of climates, the harshest of winters in northern Alaska.
When we saw these young men, without hesitation, going to very unique places out of their comfort zone, it inspired us.
And it wasn't just a harsh climate, but it was darkness, no congregations, none of their friends, none of the family there.
They would get a taxi cab, drive them to the furthest part of their territory for that particular day, drop them off, and then they would work from that location back to their hotel.
I would say one of the blessings that we enjoyed was seeing how Jehovah opened up the language group.
Jehovah chose the right ones to get the first tracked, translated into the eupic language.
One of the sisters who was asked to translate was intimidated because she did not know how to read or write the language.
Contemplating on Noah, it gave her the courage to fulfill her assignment because she, like Noah, did just so.
The scripture says, the blessings of Jehovah, that is what makes rich.
That is so true. We could have stayed in Jersey in our little apartment, maybe even by now have a comfortable living.
But what really makes life living is the people and friends you have.
As it was once said, you can't outgive Jehovah.
If anyone is considering the going through a door that Jehovah has opened up for them, I don't hesitate.
You've got the support of Jehovah, unseen angels, his spirit, and the brotherhood, and the blessings are just waiting for you.
On one occasion, my son called me on the phone and said, Dad, come quickly, they kidnapped John.
During the midweek meeting, three young men showed up at the Kingdom Hall.
They threatened to harm the brothers, their families, or the congregation, unless they received a considerable sum of money.
I got to the Kingdom Hall, and when I opened the car door, a kidnapper was there waiting for me.
They took me to an abandoned lot and left me there, but they took my car.
It's dangerous to breach in many parts of Mexico City, since we're in danger of being robbed at gunpoint.
For instance, I once witnessed a shooting. My husband has been mudged.
These kinds of things don't just happen in Mexico. They happen all over the world.
At the meetings, we had as many as 20 attendants at the doors of the Kingdom Hall, so that the congregation would feel safe.
When the meeting starts, the doors are closed, but we keep on the lookout.
And if somebody wants to come in, we make sure that they will not pose a threat to the congregation.
When we're preaching from house to house, we try to stay together as a group, and we're aware of our surroundings, watching out for any dangers.
We're always holding publications like a magazine or a Bible. It helps us because people identify us as Jehovah's Witnesses.
I try not to have any valuables on me, like a cell phone or jewelry.
It's a very productive territory, even if it is such a dangerous area. A lot of people are coming to know Jehovah.
While I was in the car with a kidnapper, he asked me what the difference is between Jehovah's Witnesses and Christians.
I didn't know I would have the opportunity to preach, but I did.
When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade.
I greatly admire the sisters that got in service, the courage they show.
Because even though their territories are difficult, dangerous, they will not give up in this important work.
For them, giving up is not an option, and I will never give up either.
Crime happens and will continue to happen.
But we're determined to serve Jehovah no matter what. We should not be afraid of those who kill the body.
If we were to face the situation again, the congregation would not stop preaching. They loved Jehovah so much.
And they truly understand that their neighbors are also suffering from crime.
So they put forth much effort to share a message of hope.
No, I will not stop preaching. This work must go on, whether this violence or not.